README.md, before:

## Getting Started

Welcome to the VS Code Java world. Here is a guideline to help you get started to write Java code in Visual Studio Code.

## Folder Structure

The workspace contains two folders by default, where:

- `src`: the folder to maintain sources
- `lib`: the folder to maintain dependencies (NOTE: you may need to create a lib folder yourself)

Meanwhile, the compiled output files will be generated in the `bin` folder by default.

> If you want to customize the folder structure, open `.vscode/settings.json` and update the related settings there.

## Dependency Management

The `JAVA PROJECTS` view allows you to manage your dependencies. More details can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-java-dependency#manage-dependencies).

- `FlatLaf`: Download flatlaf-3.3.jar to be able to use the FlatLaf Looks and Feels [here](https://www.formdev.com/flatlaf/).

## Objectives

- `Set items`: the user should be able to set different items for different days
- `Manipulate items`: the user should be able to check, add, or delete items
- `Startup`: the app should open on startup
- `Daily reset`: the items should reset daily/weekly

Commit message:

Creates read/write file functions, file structure for sav.txt

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

Welcome to the VS Code Java world. Here is a guideline to help you get started to write Java code in Visual Studio Code.

## Folder Structure

The workspace contains two folders by default, where:

- `src`: the folder to maintain sources
- `lib`: the folder to maintain dependencies (NOTE: you may need to create a lib folder yourself)
- `sav`: the folder to maintain save data for checklist items (NOTE: there will be a pre-existing sav.txt file as a template)

Meanwhile, the compiled output files will be generated in the `bin` folder by default.

> If you want to customize the folder structure, open `.vscode/settings.json` and update the related settings there.

## Dependency Management

The `JAVA PROJECTS` view allows you to manage your dependencies. More details can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-java-dependency#manage-dependencies).

- `FlatLaf`: Download flatlaf-3.3.jar to be able to use the FlatLaf Looks and Feels [here](https://www.formdev.com/flatlaf/).

## Objectives

- `Set items`: the user should be able to set different items for different days
- `Manipulate items`: the user should be able to check, add, or delete items
- `Startup`: the app should open on startup
- `Daily reset`: the items should reset daily/weekly
